Welcome back my students.
So hopefully you had a lot of fun while we were doing this lectures here we got maybe one or two lectures
to go.
We done.
By the way with the pagination system the only thing that we're missing here would be probably the audience
to see assess to it right based on whatever pitch we are.
So if we are on page one we apply we'll see assess whether we're we are in Page 3 or 4 and 5.
So basically you know what you need to find out what current page you are on and if you are incurring
page 5 you want a place we'll see assess to that awesome styles right.
So that would be one feature that would be very nice.
I would do that and some other lectures.
Hopefully the lectures right after this one.
If not remind me.
But that's some other lectures that are going to create after this.
But anyway so I just kind of recap a little bit of what we did.
Right so we started by finding the count of how many records we got in pools right.
And we find out that we have 42 so that counts 42 and we divided that count five we gave was like I
believe it was eight point four and we use the ceiling all the seal function to run that up to nine.
All right so we gave us nine pages basically Or you could see the nine pages right here.
All right.
So now with that we've got that set all right we came down here and we create its own links and here
we are looping right we're assigning these I'd like this is like this is quite an initialiser.
So we are playing there I basically attaching it to this column right here.
So it's going right after a count right.
So in every place right count is actually in every record that it finds right it is actually planning
the number applying the number one to it because that's what the initializer is.
The initializers starting one that's we're starting in one.
All right.
So it's getting attached to this count here which is nine right now.
We are displaying for each of that in for each of that spot in that array we are displaying the number.
That's basically what we're doing with looping with this splendid number.
Hopefully you understand that.
So here we are also sending a get request in the same page.
That's right called Page and we are assigning it the number.
All right.
Right here.
So when we click on it we're going to send up each request to you or else right here.
All right.
Now of course if we click on three that's going to sign that three of course there.
And what we're doing is we're catching I get requests on top and we are doing some processing.
That's all we're doing here.
All right.
We're catching it.
Assigning it to a variable.
And if we find it if we don't find that we are assigning it to an empty string that way we don't get
no errors.
And if we find out that the page is empty or is equal to 1 then we are assigning page one to zero.
All right and this page one comes right here in the limit.
All right so if we don't have anything you know Eurail right here.
All right.
We'll still get that five.
So this is going to be equal to 5 right now.
All right.
Beautiful.
So we are also going.
And for some reason we now page one then we are on page two or three and then we are multiplying.
For example we are on page two we're multiplying that times 5 which equals to 10 minus 5 we get was
5.
All right.
So he's going to he was five on every page.
Now here what we can do is we can actually if you're wondering how we can have this set up from the
Admin Page.
Right.
How can we.
Well we can set up a function that displays a value or something we could say.
We can set up a per page variable and then we can set it to 5.
Let's set it to two so you can notice the difference.
And I'm going to replace that per page here by five by this one.
And by this one by this one and by this one.
All right.
And now you probably are a little confused on what I did but come here answer.
Whoops.
We need to define that.
That is on page 58 and that is because
each page would probably misspelled something
something
we made a mistake so we're there.
Make sure that we are getting this guy right here per page.
All right.
Else page right here improve page there.
Select everything from polls.
That's weird.
Let's go back here and find out why this is doing this undefined variable.
All right so what we can do is we can have with the full value for for that per page.
All right.
And just in case we have it right here let's just say five come here and it's right there.
So as a matter of fact let's actually have it outside right there.
Even if it doesn't get said we have a set for five.
There we go.
All right.
Now let's set it to two right here.
Safe answer.
Now you can see that we only get to 1 and 2 and look at all the pages that we get down here.
Beautiful right.
All right so you can set something in the admin area.
We'll do that in the next lecture's or something like that so that way you can manage how many pools
you can show on your index and you can manage your navigation or something here.
Right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching these lectures and I'll see you in the next one.
Take care.